This Tiangong Hotel is Yuncheng Top Pavilion
That's expensive.
If Liu Qingxue knew that I was here to hold it for him
You can see it clearly at the engagement party
Where is the gap between that trash and me?
Humph
This is the highest specification Talent banquet hall
I have a reservation.
Three days later.
I will hold an engagement party here
Excuse me, sir.
Next week
Our Tiangong Hotel is booked.
What's gone? Who is it?
How dare you grab something in Yuncheng Shopping?
That's the first time with the restaurant
Our lobby
The ballroom and even the parking lot have been booked
Tiangong Hotel
But the only seven-star hotel in Yuncheng
Minimum consumption 300,000
I'm afraid it won't be less than 10 million
You're one of the few people with that kind of money.
You tell me who
Sorry Lin Shao, we cannot disclose the customer's name.
But the mystery shopper said
He wants to serve the second lady of the Liu family and his lover
Throw a surprise dinner
Liu Family Second Miss and his lover
Isn't that me I'm talking about?
Oh, I see.
My dad must have found out that I was with
Qingxue is getting married
So he prepared a surprise for me
He is the only one who can take this wallet down hahahaha
Oh good
Qingxue, you are back.
Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up
Ice and snow come back and sit here and sit here
Lin Shaoyang, I think I've made it very clear
Why are you still pestering Jin Xue?
What did you say?
Ming Shao this time
But it brought you a very big surprise.
I don't need his surprise
Chen Xue, I really don't understand
What's so good about that trash Xiao Chan?
I'm the young man next door
Do you know how many women there are?
Want to climb into my bed?
What nonsense
My Name
How can your young mother make you a Buddha?